hello there I usually don't do guitar
reviews or any reviews really on YouTube
but I kind of felt the desire to do one
on this model this is the Gibson es-335
studio model that just came out at NAMM
2013 it is as you can see a very
stripped-down version of the 339 model
semi-hollow but no f-holes
one pickup volume and tone it's a dirty
finger pickup in the bridge there and
then you see they have the little pickup
cover there I don't know if you can see
the camera here but uh I mean it's super
minimalist and I'm personally a big fan
of one pickup guitars you know like evh
and you know Tom DeLonge and guys like
that or different styles of music there
but just very cool-looking streamlined
guitars included this model seems a
little inspired by the Tom DeLonge
Gibson es-335 or 333 model there with
the dirty finger pickup Gibson just
added that little tone knob here but as
you can see very stripped down no
binding or anything like that the simple
dot inlays and you know just Gibson on
the top there nothing really on the
truss rod cover I haven't been seeing a
lot of these online which is kind of
kind of strange I thought if you go on
the Gibson website currently you can't
even really find it on their product
pages I bought this one through American
musical supply and I've also seen them
on what's the other site Baer Sweetwater
I believe this comes in either black or
like a dark blue and they also have a
335 model that is very similar one dirty
finger pickup but the only thing I
didn't like about the 335 other than the
size of it was the trapeze bridge that
they put on instead of a stop tail so
I went with the 3:39 but you won't I
haven't seen it on musicians friend or
or like a big guitar Center type
organization like that so I'll try to
post the video playing it I did play it
after I tuned it up right out of the box
and it sounded really good acoustically
if I haven't had a time to plug it into
the amp yet but I just wanted to post
this video and let people know that it's
basically out there because I didn't
know until recently and once I saw this
I had to jump all over it so I'll try to
record something playing it acoustically
and through an app